PEP 681: Descriptor fields (#2369)
python/peps: pep-0681.rst

  assumed to be True or False if it is omitted by the caller. If not
  specified, ``kw_only_default`` will default to False (the default
  assumption for dataclass).
* ``transform_descriptor_types`` indicates whether, for fields whose
  annotated types are descriptors, the corresponding parameter in the
  synthesized ``__init__`` method should be the descriptor's

>   ``__set__`` function's value parameter type. If False, the

Reviewer: This sentence is really dense (4 lines long!). Please may you rephrase slightly / break to multiple sentences?

A

Author: How about this? Slight change to the second sentence of @JelleZijlstra's suggestion to make it clear that this affects all such `__init__` parameters:

```suggestion
* ``transform_descriptor_types`` affects fields annotated with
  descriptor types that define a ``__set__`` method. If True, the type
  of each parameter corresponding to such a field on the synthesized
  ``__init__`` method will be the type of the value parameter to the
  descriptor's ``__set__`` method. If False, the
```

Reviewer 2: I like it! Maybe switch "on the synthesized `__init__` method" and "corresponding to such a field"; it reads more naturally to me that way.
